README.md, before:

# JMAP-CLIENT

[![Build Status](https://ci.open-paas.org/jenkins/buildStatus/icon?job=jmap-client)](https://ci.open-paas.org/jenkins/job/jmap-client/)

This repository provides a Javascript library to make requests against a JMAP server.
It is a client-side implementation of the [JMAP](http://jmap.io/spec.html) specification.
It is developed using **ES6** and transpiled to ES5 code using [babel.js](https://babeljs.io/).

Non-exhausitve list of features:
* Entities are modeled as Javascript classes.
* Expose a *Client* class that you can use to send JMAP requests, using a fluent API.
* Uses Promises exclusively, and allows for pluggable Promise implementation.
* Allows for pluggable transports, with default support for node.js [request](https://github.com/request/request) and [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) in the browser.

## Usage

### Installation

The library is provided as a NPM or Bower packages, thus to install either use:

    npm install jmap-client

or

    bower install jmap-client
    
depending on your preferred package manager.

### Code

The library is very easy to use, all you need to do is create an instance of the *Client* class, then use its fluent API to send some JMAP requests:
    
    new jmap.Client(<your Transport>, <your PromiseProvider>)
        .withAPIUrl('https://jmap.my.server.com')
        .withAuthenticationToken('YourAuthenticationToken')
        .getMailboxes()
        .then((mailboxes) => {
            // Do something with the list of mailboxes
        }, (err) => {
            // An error occured
        });

Once you're familiar with the library, head on to the [API documentation](TODO) to find out what's possible...  
There's also some code samples included in the *samples* folder.

## Documentation

TODO

## How to contribute

### 1. Clone the repository

    git clone https://ci.open-paas.org/stash/scm/olibs/jmap-client.git
    cd jmap-client

### 2. Install dependencies
        
    npm install
    
### 3. Compile the library and run the tests

    grunt

### 4. Code, execute tests then pull request !

## Roadmap

* Implement complete error handling.
* Add support for message attachments.
* Implement authentication, first using login/password then using oauth.
* Support entities states, and then getXXXUpdates requests.
* ...

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

OR-1790 Added release configuration to Grunt.

README.md, after:

# JMAP-CLIENT

[![Build Status](https://ci.open-paas.org/jenkins/buildStatus/icon?job=jmap-client)](https://ci.open-paas.org/jenkins/job/jmap-client/)

This repository provides a Javascript library to make requests against a JMAP server.
It is a client-side implementation of the [JMAP](http://jmap.io/spec.html) specification.
It is developed using **ES6** and transpiled to ES5 code using [babel.js](https://babeljs.io/).

Non-exhausitve list of features:
* Entities are modeled as Javascript classes.
* Expose a *Client* class that you can use to send JMAP requests, using a fluent API.
* Uses Promises exclusively, and allows for pluggable Promise implementation.
* Allows for pluggable transports, with default support for node.js [request](https://github.com/request/request) and [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) in the browser.

## Usage

### Installation

The library is provided as a NPM or Bower packages, thus to install either use:

    npm install jmap-client

or

    bower install jmap-client
    
depending on your preferred package manager.

### Code

The library is very easy to use, all you need to do is create an instance of the *Client* class, then use its fluent API to send some JMAP requests:
    
    new jmap.Client(<your Transport>, <your PromiseProvider>)
        .withAPIUrl('https://jmap.my.server.com')
        .withAuthenticationToken('YourAuthenticationToken')
        .getMailboxes()
        .then((mailboxes) => {
            // Do something with the list of mailboxes
        }, (err) => {
            // An error occured
        });

Once you're familiar with the library, head on to the [API documentation](TODO) to find out what's possible...  
There's also some code samples included in the *samples* folder.

## Documentation

TODO

## How to contribute

### 1. Clone the repository

    git clone https://ci.open-paas.org/stash/scm/olibs/jmap-client.git
    cd jmap-client

### 2. Install dependencies
        
    npm install
    
### 3. Compile the library and run the tests

    grunt

### 4. Code, execute tests then pull request !

## Release

If you are a maintainer of this project, here's how you can release a new version:

1. Checkout the _master_ branch and pull the latest changes from the remote repository
2. Run `grunt release` to do the release. A lot of things will happen but you'll eventually be back on the _master_ branch
3. Bump the version in _master_ to **NEXT_VERSION-dev** (replace _NEXT_VERSION_ by the supposed next version)

## Roadmap

* Implement complete error handling.
* Add support for message attachments.
* Implement authentication, first using login/password then using oauth.
* Support entities states, and then getXXXUpdates requests.
* ...

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
